It really opened
I knew you were the real lady
Why don't you throw this dirty thing out quickly?
Stay here and get noticed by the eldest lady?
I already saw you as a liar
No need to come
Let him open his eyes
This might be the only time in his life
Take the opportunity of 10 meters
Just go
Come in and change your shoes
Miss, do we use it?
Well you don't have to
But what about some people?
Gotta pay attention
So as not to leave the smell of onion and garlic behind
OK, I'll change your shoe cabinet.
Not just hey
What kind of design is this?
Where is the decorated shoe cabinet not at the door?
Then miss, tell me where the cabinet is
What are you urging?
Can't you find it?
What a broken designer?
Where is this shoe cabinet?
So amazing
Miss
Didn't you decorate and design this house?
How are you a lady
You won't forget
You are pretending to be able to bring the goods, right?